Add 2.204.1 changelog and upgrade guide (#2720)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/_data/upgrades/2-204-1.adoc

==== Password fields in forms how hidden by default

> Password fields have been redesigned to prevent password auto-fill in password fields that are not theh initial login form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Password fields have been redesigned to prevent password auto-fill that are not in the initial login form.
```

Author: Done in 47c399f6545dae071c9723ce367c88a087119a19

An administrative monitor has warned users that browser-based metadata download is deprecated.
This release removes the capability and the administrative monitor.

Users maintaining Jenkins with the link:https://plugins.jenkins.io/configuration-as-code[configuration as code plugin] will need to remove the `downloadSettings` section from their configuration:

[source,yaml]
----
security:
  downloadSettings:
    useBrowser: false
----

If that section is not removed from the configuration, Jenkins will fail to start.
When it fails to start, the message in the logfile will look something like this:

[source,text]
----
SEVERE jenkins.InitReactorRunner$1#onTaskFailed: Failed ConfigurationAsCode.init
io.jenkins.plugins.casc.ConfiguratorException: Invalid configuration elements for type class jenkins.model.GlobalConfigurationCategory$Security : downloadSettings.
----

The Jenkins web page may also display a message like this:

[source,text]
----
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Expected 1 instance of jenkins.security.ResourceDomainConfiguration but got 0
----

Remove the `downloadSettings` and `useBrowser` lines from the configuration as code file to resolve those errors.

> ==== WMI Windows Agent minimum version

Reviewer 2: It was in 2.205, not backported

Author: Thanks.  Removed.

Author: Fixed in 409021518

The file `jenkins-slave.xml` has been removed from Jenkins core.
Installations with WMI Windows Agent plugin versions before 1.3.1 will see errors.
Administrators should upgrade their WMI Windows Agent plugin to at least version 1.3.1 (released March 14, 2017).

==== Stop bundling Maven plugin and Subversion plugin with Jenkins

Certain key Jenkins capabilities were initially created inside the Jenkins core.
As Jenkins has developed further, capabilities moved from inside Jenkins core to dedicated Jenkins plugins, like the maven and subversion plugins.
When those plugins were created, the plugins were "bundled" inside the jenkins.war file to retain compatibility for plugins that depended on their functionality to be inside Jenkins core.
The Jenkins project is no longer publishing any plugins that require the "bundled" versions of the maven and subversion plugins.

> The Maven and Subversion plugins are no longer bundled with Jenkins.

Reviewer 2: Add hyperlinks?

  was made before it was loaded
----

If you encounter this, you can tell the plugin to delay configuration for an amount of time to give Jenkins time to load the global configuration before the configuration is applied by the plugin.

To enable this set the <code>io.jenkins.plugins.casc.ConfigurationAsCode.initialDelay<code> system property to a number of milliseconds to delay the initialisation.
The required value will be dependant on aspects of your system (cpu/disk) and configuration, and how it can be found is mostly a trial and error.
A suggestion would be to start with 5000 (5 Seconds) and then increment by 2000 (2 seconds) until you no longer exhibit the issue and finally add 1000 (1 second) for some extra safety.
For example, to delay the configuration by 9 seconds you would use something like the following command <code>java -Dio.jenkins.plugins.casc.ConfigurationAsCode.initialDelay=9000 -jar jenkins.war</code>.
Exactly how and where you specify this option depends on the installation method used to install Jenkins.

==== Remove browser-based metadata download settings

Jenkins will no longer inform administrators about available updates without an internet connection.

> Removes the ability to download update center metadata using the user's browser.

Reviewer 3: This should be the first sentence?

Also,

```suggestion
The ability to download update center metadata using the user's browser was removed from Jenkins.
```

Also, only applies to Jenkins project-hosted (or otherwise Internet) update sites.

Author: Fixed in 5033cad96

An administrative monitor has warned users that browser-based metadata download is deprecated.
This release removes the capability and the administrative monitor.

Users maintaining Jenkins with the link:https://plugins.jenkins.io/configuration-as-code[configuration as code plugin] will need to remove the `downloadSettings` section from their configuration:

[source,yaml]
----
security:
  downloadSettings:
    useBrowser: false
----

If that section is not removed from the configuration, Jenkins will fail to start.
When it fails to start, the message in the logfile will look something like this:

[source,bash]
----
SEVERE jenkins.InitReactorRunner$1#onTaskFailed: Failed ConfigurationAsCode.init
io.jenkins.plugins.casc.ConfiguratorException: Invalid configuration elements
  for type class jenkins.model.GlobalConfigurationCategory$Security : downloadSettings.
----

The Jenkins web page may also display a message like this:

[source,bash]
----
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Expected 1 instance of jenkins.security.ResourceDomainConfiguration
  but got 0
----

Remove the `downloadSettings` and `useBrowser` lines from the configuration as code file to resolve those errors.

> ==== Password fields in forms how hidden by default

Reviewer 3: This only made it in 2.205.

Author: Fixed in 266beb0c7
